Make `Base._unsetindex!` public as `Base.unsetindex!` (#62181)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/arrays.md

 (3, 1)
```

## [Uninitialized arrays](@id uninitialized-arrays)

Constructors like `fill`, `zeros` and `ones` construct arrays filled with a specific value.
For performance-sensitive cases, one can instead choose construct arrays that are uninitialized.
This is typically done with [`UndefInitializer`](@ref) and its singleton value [`undef`](@ref).

### Uninitialized isbits data
When the element type is stored inline in the array, as is the case for bitstypes

> and small unions of bitstypes, the value stored will created from arbitrary bitpatterns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and small unions of bitstypes, the value stored will created from arbitrary bit patterns:
```

```jldoctest; filter = r"-?[0-9]+"
julia> A = Vector{Int}(undef, 3)
3-element Vector{Int64}:
  0
  4197964751427265632
 -7018743849073437062
```

While the values are created from arbitrary bits, they are just ordinary values;
specifically, loading them multiple times will always result in the same value.

Beware that the values are constructed circumventing any inner constructors.

> This means that for custom types whose constructors enforces certain bitpatterns,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that for custom types whose constructors enforce constraints on the values,
```

> these checks will not be upheld.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these checks will not be enforced.
```

For example, in the code below, the `NeverZero` values in `A` might be invalid,

> as they may have been created from all-zeros.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as `undef` initialization may yield all-zero bits.
```

```
struct NeverZero
    x::UInt

    function NeverZero(x::UInt)
        if iszero(x)
            throw(ValueError("NeverZero cannot store a zero"))
        else
            new(x)
        end
    end
end

A = Vector{NeverZero}(undef, 10)
```

!!! compat "Julia 1.11"
    Prior to Julia 1.11, access to undefined bits types resulted
    in **undefined behavior.** and could cause miscompilations
    and invalid behaviour.

### Uninitialized non-isbits data
When the element type is not stored inline, as is the case when the element type

> is not isbits, attempting to access the data will throw an `UndefRefError`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is not `isbits`, attempting to access the data will throw an `UndefRefError`:
```
